---layout: default---## ServicesBelow are just some of the services we offer:* WordPress Theme or Plugin Development* Other Content Management System, Blog and Forum Customisation, Theme and Plugin Development* Custom Web Development* PSD to HTML or EmailIs the service you want not listed? We may still be able to accomodate you - [get in touch](/contact/)!### WordPress Theme and Plugin DevelopmentWe specialise in WordPress development.#### What is WordPress?#### Why WordPress?#### What can you do with WordPress?### Content Management System, Blog and Forum Customisation, Theme and Plugin DevelopmentWhile we specialise in WordPress, we can also work with the following platforms. If the platform you want isn't listed, get in touch and we still may be able to work with it.#### Blogs* Serendipity* Chyrp* Habari* Squarespace#### Content Management Systems* Drupal* Joomla* CMS Made System* concrete5* DotClear#### Forums* Simple Machines Forum* FluxBB / PunBB* phpBB* MyBB* Vanilla#### eCommerce* osCommerce* BigCommerce* OpenCart* ShopifyFor each of these software and services, we can customise them to meet your needs through theme and plugin development.*Themes* change the look of your website while *plugins* extend the software to offer features that were not originally offered by the software or to change the way an existing feature works.You can find examples of our work in the [portfolio](/portfolio) or [get in touch](/contact) for a quote.### Custom Web DevelopmentIf your needs are not met by an existing solution, we can take your brief and develop a solution to meet your needs or that of your business. We may also be able to customise your existing custom solution so that it may continue to meet your needs.1. subject to approval, we will require access to the source code before commiting to the project.### PSD to HTMLIf you have had another designer create a design for you and need it converted to a content management, blog or forum template, static website or email template, we can take that design and turn it into code that will work across all major web browsers and email clients (if email template).Our code is standards compliant and accessible enabling you to engage with the widest possible audience and comply with local accessibility laws.